CODEBOOK - Getting and Cleaning Data Course ProjectThe Objective of the project is to create one R script called run_analysis.R that does the following.	1.	Merges the training and the test sets to create one data set.DatasetX	DatasetY	DatasetSubjectDatasetXTrain	DatasetXTrain	DatasetSubjectTrainDatasetXTest	DatasetYTest	DatasetSubjectTest	2.	Extracts only the measurements on the mean and standard deviation for each measurement.	3.	Uses descriptive activity names to name the activities in the data set	4.	Appropriately labels the data set with descriptive variable names.	5.	From the data set in step 4, creates a second, independent tidy data set with the average of each variable for each activity and each subject.The script “run_analysis.R” performs the following process to clean up the data and create tiny data sets:1.	Merge the training and test sets to create one data set named the “GalaxyData” with the following format2.	Then extracted only the measurements on the mean and standard deviation for each measurement.3.	Next the activity labels (DatasetY) are renamed for human readablility4.	Labels of the the data set were replaced with descriptive names with underscores, brackets, etc. removed. The new labels and the measurements from step 2 were merged and saved as “tidy_data.txt”.5.	The average of each measurement for each activity and each subject is merged and saved to a second data set named “tidy_data2.txt”.Result:The final data set named “tidy_data2.txt” has dimension (180, 68). i.e. 180 observations and 68 variables. The following are the first five and the last five of the variable names:[1] "activity"                                    [2] "subject"                                     [3] "Activity_ID"                                 [4] "TimeBodyAccelerationMean.X"                  [5] "TimeBodyAccelerationMean.Y"                  ****[64] "FrequenceBodyAccelerationJerkMagnitudeMean"  [65] "FrequenceBodyAccelerationJerkMagnitudeStdDev"[66] "FrequenceBodyGyroscopeMagnitudeMean"         [67] "FrequenceBodyGyroscopeMagnitudeStdDev"       [68] "FrequenceBodyGyroscopeJerkMagnitudeMean"For each of the variable names, there are 180 entries. For example, the first five and the last five entries under “activity” are as follows:1     LAYING2     SITTING3     STANDING4     WALKING5     WALKING_DOWNSTAIRS****176   SITTING177   STANDING178   WALKING179   WALKING_DOWNSTAIRS180   WALKING_UPSTAIRS